COMP 7003: Introduction to Information and Network Security


                         Introduction




                             Ashkan Jangodaz
                 British Columbia Institute of Technology
                                       Who am I?
▪ Instructor: Ashkan Jangodaz
   ▪ SoCAS Faculty @ BCIT
   ▪ Adjunct Faculty @ NYIT
   ▪ ML Engineer @ Kids’ Shield Inc.
▪ Ph.D. in CS (starting Fall 2025) @ Simon Fraser U
   ▪ B.Sc. in CE (2019) @ Sharif University of Tech
▪ Please call me “Ash” or “Ashkan”!
                                                             (May Have Shorter Hair,
   ▪ I hope to become a “professor” someday, I am not yet!      Wilder Beards!)
▪ Email: ashkan_jangodaz@bcit.ca | Office: SW02-121
▪ Webpage
▪ LinkedIn
                        Course Schedule
▪ Time and Location:
  ▪ Tuesdays 09:30 to 11:20 @ SE06-109 (Lectures) and 12:30 to 13:20 @
    SE12-323 (Labs)
  ▪ All the lectures are in-person
▪ Course Duration:
  ▪ 15 weeks from Jan 5, 2026, to Apr 17, 2026
▪ Final Exam: TBD (Will be posted on the Learning Hub Page)
Lab Room (SE12 – 323) Schedule – Winter 2026
              (Optional) Reference Books

▪ [1] Stallings, W. (2016). Network security essentials: Applications
  and standards (6th ed.). Pearson.

▪ [2] Forouzan, B. A. (2021). Data communications and networking
  with TCP/IP protocol suite (6th ed.). McGraw-Hill.

▪ [3] Kurose, J. F., & Ross, K. (2020). Computer networking (8th
  ed.). Pearson.
              Evaluation Criteria


  Criteria           %                Comments
Assignments         63%     14 Labs/Assignments @ 4.5% each

Final Exam          35%
                     What to Expect?

▪ Read The Course Outline Carefully!
▪ All lectures and labs are in-person.
▪ No recording is allowed by students unless they request special
  accommodation requested by BCIT.
▪ Materials are posted weekly to the Learning Hub.
▪ Office Hours: Available by appointment in-person or via video
  conferencing.
              Attendance Requirements

▪ Regular attendance in lectures is mandatory
▪ Unapproved absence of 2 or more classes may result in failure
  or forced withdrawal from the course or program
▪ Policy
                       Academic Integrity
▪ Cheating refers to the act of breaking rules or agreements in
  order to gain an unfair advantage
  ▪ Violation of academic integrity, including plagiarism, dishonesty in
    assignments, examinations, or other academic performances are
    prohibited and will be handled in accordance with the policies
▪ Please also do not share the course materials with people outside
  of your class
            Acknowledgment and License
▪ I would like to thank D'Arcy Smith for his invaluable
  contributions to the development of this course material. His
  expertise, dedication, and guidance were essential in shaping
  the content and ensuring its quality.
▪ You can find the license information for this course material
  here: License Information.
Questions?
